Welcome to Go Chase It.
In this project, you will build a bold chaser mobile robot with ROS.
The project is divided into two major tasks.
First, design the robot and house it inside your world.
Second, program it to chase white colored balls through the word.
In the first task, you will learn how to model
a mobile robot that can interface with ROS.
You will use what you learned in this module to design and customize the robot.
Then, house the inside the environment you created in the, Build my world project.
In the second task, you will write to ROS nodes.
The first node, drive bot will provide a service to drive the robot.
The second node, process image will subscribe to the robots camera images,
search for a wide bot,
then if it exists, identify its position and requests a service
from your first node to drive the robot toward the white colored ball.
This is a fun project that demonstrates your ability to work with
ROS nodes and services. Let's dive in.